Roman's review feedback (#238)
ietf-wg-ohai/oblivious-http: draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.md

* A relay operates the Oblivious Relay Resource
* A server operates both the Oblivious Gateway Resource and the Target Resource

Requests from the Client to Oblivious Relay Resource and from Oblivious Relay
Resource to Oblivious Gateway Resource MUST use HTTPS in order to provide

> unlinkability in the presence of a network observer.  The scheme of the

Reviewer: Not asking for a change, but more offering a comment: now that I'm re-reading this text it occurs to me that this is overly restrictive. Unlinkability only requires HTTPS between client and relay, not between relay and gateway. I don't think we want to get into that nuance, but the phrasing here makes it seem like encryption on both links is necessary and so not strictly true.

Author: Yes, I had the same thought when constructing the text.  I know we discussed this in the past too.

We could remove the second half of the requirement, but I think that I'm with you in leaving well alone.

Reviewer: Yeah, I'll just resolve this comment.

### Differential Treatment {#differential}

A relay MAY add information to requests if the Client is aware of the nature of
the information that could be added.  Any addition MUST NOT include information

> that directly identifies the Client, including any pseudonymous identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that uniquely and permanently identifies the Client, including any pseudonymous identifier.
```

We've talked about use of identifiers for "buckets" of clients for the purposes of DoS protection. I don't believe in the value they afford, but this text seems like it might prohibit that and prevent use of OHTTP for use cases that would certainly benefit from it. The proposed change tries to clarify that information added shouldn't be unique to a client for a long period of time, as that's basically equivalent to a unique client identifier. But something that changes regularly, or identifies a group of clients, seems reasonable in certain deployments.

Author: Right.  This is just a more precise wording either way.

The specific circumstances that might motivate some form of "identification" will require careful consideration on the part of all involved, so we don't need to get too deep into specifics.
